I really enjoyed this course. I particularly enjoyed how interactive it is, and how Richel was able to put everyone at ease and create the perfect environment for interactions. Even though some of the material was maybe a bit too basic for my level of knowledge, the questions asked by Richel are a perfect way to get everyone to think more in depth about their knowledge, and reflect on how you could explain those concepts to someone else if you ever find yourself in that situation. I would have appreciated it if the course went slightly further into the introduction to python, but on the other end I do feel confident that I can do it on my own now. Thank you for the great work.
I would have been happy to continue during the last hour as well!
Really nice intro to Python! Richel´s teaching style is very interactive and open, there is no need to feel scared to ask questions or give wrong answers. I like the breakout rooms, since it gives the possibility to engage more with other learners, and help each other out. The course is adjusted to the speed of the participants, so no one is rushed during the exercises. I think it's a good idea to base the course on a book, so we can keep on learning more in our own time afterwards, especially since the book includes exercises.
Could you suggest a resource for further learning?
I thought i fulfilled the prerequisites but i apparently didnt. I thought the NAISS SUPR account was the account needed but it wasnt. I could therefore not participate in the course. It would be nice if the prerequisites was formulated more clearly.
It would have been fun to do the remaining pages as well, or at least one more as we had another hour.
The instructor is great, motivated, and interactive, which makes sure each participant understand each step. For me, the best part of this course was to let me practice HRC and run simply code. This practice removed the fear to start using HRC. I was afraid if I do something wrong while I am logging into HRC and mess up there. I absolutely recommend others to take this course if they have not.
I do not feel like we have learned to do what is mentioned in the 7 last questions, but I suppose I will be able to find out how to do those.
